Add procedures to migrate from RHEL8to9 using backups (#3103)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_upgrading-project-or-proxy-from-el8to9.adoc

[id="upgrading_{project-context}_or_proxy_from_el8to9_{context}"]

> = Upgrading {Project} or {SmartProxy} from {EL} 8 to {EL} 9

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Upgrading {EL} on {Project} or {SmartProxy}
```
This title would be more precise as to what the subject of the upgrade is.
Also shorter. :)
Remember to change the filename and ID as well.

> There are two methods to upgrade your {Project} or {SmartProxy} from {EL} 8 to {EL} 9:
> * Using LEAPP
> * Using backup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use one of two methods to upgrade your {Project} or {SmartProxy} from {EL} 8 to {EL} 9:

* Leapp
* Backup and restore
```

> With LEAPP you can upgrade your [Project] or [SmartProxy] in place and hence it is faster, however this imposes a downtime on the services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Leapp you can upgrade your {Project} or {SmartProxy} in place and hence it is faster, however this imposes a downtime on the services.
```

Leapp is capitalized like this.
Please watch brackets :)
